Requirements:

For students:
    1. View What courses they can apply to, department wise. They can also search everything using keywords, like prof name, course details
       etc.
       1.1 Apply to courses, giving their SOP #confirm feature
       1.2 When applying, give a confirmation dialog box.
       
    2. Track their applications to TAship, last date for application for each course, interview dates, etc.
        2.1 Can back out of application before deadline.
        2.2 After deadline passes, the specific course comes as a greyed out entry in table for 10 more days
        
    3. At first login, they must provide details like CPI, year of study, Department(if cant be gotten by LDAP), #ask for more fields. They 
       can update their info in a separate page

    4. Waitlisting feature. 

    5. Course page feature. They can answer questions put by faculty and view the current applicants in this page. 
    
For Faculty:
    1. Add new courses
        1.1 Add info about courses
        1.2 Info includes course name, code, details, deadlines for application, dates for interview, extra notes and so on
        1.3 So I will require a separate page for displaying and updating this information.
        
    2. Track existing applications for TAship
        2.1 Display details of students who have applied, course wise
        2.2 Add and remove students in each course
        2.3 Mark students who have been selected. Those students will get a confirmation in their accounts. Other students will get a
            negative confirmation as expected.
        2.4 After hard deadline of application, students cannot apply to course.
        
        
Hence the tables that will be required are:
1. Course details table provided by faculty
2. Student details table provided by students and LDAP
3. Table with list of students who have applied for their respective courses, and the status of their application.

Fields in course details table
1. Course code
2. Prof name
3. Course name
4. Course details
5. Minimum eligibility criteria
7. Deadline for applications (date format)
8. Extra notes
9. Department
10. No. of TA positions open

Fields in student details table
1. Name
2. Roll no. (ID)
3. Year of study
4. CPI
6. department
7. Contact Number

Fields in student_applications table:
1. Student ID
2. Course code
3. Status of application

TODO:

1. Add ldap id to right side of navbar
2. set current selection in select list in student page
3. Set appropriate titles on each page
4. Add row of No. of TA positions open in the course_info table
5. Add search by keyword in student.php
6. Add notification to update CPI and Year of study in student.php for easy access.
7. Redirect from each page if not logged in
8. Get prof name and dept from LDAP